# pentastagiu_modul1_test
	## First test
	

	1. What is regression? What is retesting?
	Re-Testing: After a defect is detected and fixed, the software should be retested to confirm that the original defect has been successfully removed. This is done to make sure that the tests cases which failed in last execution are passing after the defects against those failures are fixed.
	

	Regression testing is a type of software testing that tests all area of code or functionalities which can be affected during the solving of a bug and ensure that the new code has not affected other parts of the software.
	

	

	

	2. What is the relationship between the following: error, bug, defect, fault, failure?
	These terms are an integral part of the software testing process and without detecting and identifying them the team of testers cannot validate the quality, effectiveness, functionality, and more of the software.
	During the process of software testing, errors are the most basic discrepancies found by the team of testers while they are preparing the code, having as a result changing the functionality of the software. 
Bugs usually impact the performance and the functionality of the software and can cause it to deliver incorrect and unexpected results.
Defects are deviations or irregularities from the specifications required by a customermentioned in the product functional specification document by the client or any other stakeholders of the project.
Faults are caused by an introduction of an incorrect step, process, or data definition and makes the software behave in an incorrect way and not as per the stated requirements.
Failure appears when a software is incapable of performing the required functions and is offering results that are not adequate and far from the expected results. It can be caused by humans and environmental conditions.
	

	3. Name the difference between agile & v-model. (Please specify some roles and cycles for these)
Agile is an iterative method
Work is done in iterative cycles lasting between 2 weeks – 2 months
Software is released after each iteration
•  Agile methodology drastically reduces testing cycle time as the testing is done parallel to the development activities.
•  The iterative nature of agile developmentmeans features are delivered incrementally, enabling some benefits to be realized early as the product continues to develop
•  A key principle of agile development is that testing is integrated throughout the lifecycle, enabling regular inspection of the working product as it develops. This allows the product owner to make adjustments if necessary and gives the product team early sight of any quality issues.
•  Small incremental releases made visible to the product owner and product team through its development help to identify any issues early and make it easier to respond to change.
V-model: cascading method, step by step, 
•  It is also called as verification and validation Model.
•  This means the verification and validation will be done side by side.
•  It emphasis the strict process flow to develop a quality product
•  The errors occurred in any phase will be corrected in that phase itself.
	Roles for agile: project manager, product owner/ business analyst, tester, developer, designer.
Roles for v-model: project manager, tester, developer.







	4. Please state what is black box testing? How about white box testing? You can also give an example
Black Box Testing is a software testing method in which testers evaluate the functionality of the software without looking at the code. Here we can talk about acceptance testing and system testing
White Box Testing is a software testing method in which the internal structure/ design/ implementation of the item being tested is known to the tester. Here we can talk about unit testing an dintegration testing.

	

	5. In the images folder you have a login form. Create Test Cases for the given form.
	

	Please state the testing types(functional, non-functional, black box, white box, design technique) for each TC created.
Functional tests: 
Check if the SIGN UP button will take user on another form – CREATE USER
Check if pressing FACEBOOK icons will take the user on his facebook page
Check if pressing GOOGLE+ icons will take the user on his google account
Check if pressing LINKEDIN icons will take the user on his linkedin account


Check results on entering valid User Id & Password
Check if registration can be done with name field blank, or containing numbers, or special characters
Check if registration can be done with email field blank or invalid email adress format
Check if registration can be done with password field blank or contaiing less than 8 characters
Check results on entering Invalid User ID & Password
Check response when a User ID is Empty & Login Button is pressed, and many more
Check if ewgistration can be done twice with the same adress email
Check if login is validated with an invalid email adress format 
Check if login is validated with an invalid username

GUI tests (black box)
Check is form resolution are displayed properly
Check if all the fields are aligned
Checj if the company logo is correct
Check if the company logo has the correct resolution
Check how it is displayed on multiple screen, on different resolutions

Non-functional (black box)
stress testing – how the website reacts when are trying to sign in/ sign up a lot of users
security testing – after a number of attempts, the account is blocked
load testing – how the website reacts at different numbers of users
compability testing – if it’s accesible from different browsers




	

	6. Consider that you have found a defect in the form for the previous exercise. Create a bug report for it

Category	Label	Value
Bug ID	ID number	#1
	Name	SIGN UP - Unable to sign up
	Reporter	Nechifor Denisa 
	Submit Date	25.04.2019
Bug overview	Summary	After I complete the registration form and I try to click on a SIGN UP
button, I’m unable to create account
	URL	www.example.com/signup

	Screenshot	photo
Bug details	Steps to reproduce	Try to sign up, after introducing Name, Email, Password

	Expected result	I should can acces my account
	Actual result	Nothing happening
	Description	 
Bug tracking	Severity	High
	Assigned to	 
	Priority	High
Notes	Notes	




Category	Label	Value
Bug ID	ID number	#1
	Name	SIGN UP - Unable to sign up
	Reporter	Nechifor Denisa 
	Submit Date	25.04.2019
Bug overview	Summary	After I complete the registration form and I try to click on a SIGN UP
button, I’m unable to create account
	URL	www.example.com/signup

	Screenshot	photo
Bug details	Steps to reproduce	Try to sign up, after introducing Name, Email, Password

	Expected result	I should can acces my account
	Actual result	Nothing happening
	Description	 
Bug tracking	Severity	High
	Assigned to	 
	Priority	High
Notes	Notes	 


